---
title: Earth-256-B
id: e256b
bgimage: bg141.png
layout: 'basetoc.njk'
tags:
- mainpage
---

The 'present' of Earth-256-B is the tail end of the third millennium; bouncing through the **2990s**, then teetering on the year **3000**.

Between the early 21st century and the 30th, humanity has improved significantly in nearly every aspect of society on a global scale, mostly in **technological and scientific developments**; finally — after many grueling years — they've reached the point of being a [type II civilization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kardashev_scale), among other notable achievements. These accomplishments have ushered the little Earthlings out of the Information Age — through a myriad of other ages and revolutions — and into the **Astro-Nuclear Age**. Good for them!

The Astro-Nuclear Age — unlike the **Empty Eras** falling between the 21st and 30th centuries — are, surprisingly, *not* mostly comprised of years of generational slavery to tirelessly build megastructures without compensation.  
However, despite the death of fossil fuels and the steady rise of eco-friendly living, higher global education rates, (*very*) slowly lessening poverty, along with governments finally listening to their people (sort of, anyway) to ameliorate the human condition, it's been noted life has felt **worthless**, **exhausting**, and **empty** among most (read: non-rich) people from generations beyond the beginning of the Astro-Nuclear Age for reasons that may or may not be related. It feels like nothing will ever truly change from beyond that time.

Even after the Empty Eras' end, everything still feels a little **hopeless**; a little **meaningless**, like it's almost the end of the world and everything as we know it.

Maybe it is. Praise be to the Stars.

<div class="longpicture" style="background-image: url('/assets/bgs/bg123.gif')"></div>

## Outer Space

### Twin Suns
The **Twin Suns** (sometimes referred to as **Sol-Surya**) is the name given to a [binary star system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_star) comprised of celestials **Sol** and **Surya**. Sol is the larger of the two.

- **Sol**  
The Sun; a G-type main-sequence star. You know what the Sun is, unless you're an incel or something. Sol's just not called the Sun here because... there's two of 'em.

---
- **Surya**  
A small pulsar-like [white dwarf](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_dwarf) orbiting Sol with a mass of 0.9 M<sub>☉</sub>, a surface temperature of 20,500 K <small>(20,226.85° C & 36,440.33° F)</small>, and a luminosity of .0185 L<sub>☉</sub>.  
Surya can be recognized from the blue light it emits as opposed to Sol's yellow beams. It currently hosts a Dyson swarm known as the **Valse d'Argent**.  
Surya kind of just... appeared one day in **late 2112**, with the entire solar system abruptly shifting to adjust to this new celestial body. For example, Earth got abruptly shoved .8 AU away from Sol to accommodate for the extra heat.

### Valse d'Argent
The **Valse d'Argent** is a partial [Dyson swarm](https://www.space.com/dyson-sphere.html) aimed to **collect Sol-Surya's** <small>(mainly Surya's)</small> **waste heat** ~3.25 AU from Sol (a little bit beyond Mars' orbit).  
The Valse only collects **~2.1%** of this residual heat, but this smidge of energy — coupled with backup nuclear power plants — grants more than enough energy to last for generations and then some.  
Ironically, its development *also* took generations and then some through the power of capitalistic exploitation (read: widespread slavery).

Valse d'Argent is *not* a massive solid metallic megastructure surrounding Surya. Instead, it's a massive semi-circular network of manmade computational satellites which absorb this residual heat (and beam everything to Soma-Lune, then, to Earth), automatically dodge space debris, self-replicate and initiate any needed repairs for themselves or units close by (through a 'hive mind' sort of system).  
These units are comprised of various metals (primarily **aluminum**, **titanium**, and **silicon**) scrounged from distant planets considered neighbors and far, far away alike. The Valse d'Argent was initially intended for Alpha Centauri's waste heat, with the project beginning in late 2112, but Surya was a conveniently placed surprise. The Valse was adjusted to target this new white dwarf.

Surprisingly, the Valse d'Argent lacks actual silver. The name refers to its shiny silver sheen.

### Pas de Trois
The **Pas de Trois** is a [natural satellite system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satellite_system_(astronomy)) consisting of three natural satellites (moons) orbiting Earth.  
Soma-Lune has been in existence since Earth's conception, but the other two satellites appeared without explanation at the same time as Surya - late 2112. All remain uninhabited by the layperson due to a lack of data and a lack of... appeal (read: fear of the unknown), but the bonus two satellites may or may not be promoted to 'tech management' satellites — like Soma-Lune — in the future.

- **Soma-Lune**  
The Moon! **Soma-Lune** appears to be a large white pearl in the night sky with splotches of rusty red and navy blue up-close. Footprints of long-dead astronauts and eccentric, universally hated billionaires litter its surface.  
Soma-Lune is home to spacey tech nerds who begrudgingly banded together to form some semblance of a community; people managing the Valse d'Argent, resource harvesting, space exploration/studying, and things of that caliber. There's not a lot of them, and the inhabitants are regularly switched out to prevent loneliness, but it's a place people call home.  
According to Soma-Lune's inhabitants, the Pas de Trois are not made of various types of cheeses.

---
- **Vainglory**  
A blasphemous natural satellite. **Vainglory** is a big orb dressed up in a myriad of red hues, like Mars, but more saturated. Has weird markings and carvings from times long gone etched onto its surface of what appear to be religious rites of differing traditions. Not a lot of data is clear at the moment regarding them.  
Named after some sort of dead god; something or other.

---
- **Antiochus**  
A grand marble, indeed! It's the smallest of the trio. **Antiochus** is painted with child-like strokes of pale, desaturated blue and pink hues - looks a little suffocated.  
It, too, harbors strange etchings across its surface, along with suspiciously manmade structures dotting it. However, no man's ever been there long enough to construct such elaborate works.  
The name's origins are a mystery, but it's something concerning nihilism, maybe.

## Humanity  
*Main article: [Mutations, Evolution, Inherent Revolution](world/mutations)*

Humanity prides itself as being **resilient**.  However, resilience is as subjective as it is scientifically unproven.  
Although, they did manage to survive to the late 2900s, so — surely — that amounts to something! …But not without struggles and — most notably — questions.

Like, what's a **mutant**, and how is that different from a **mutate**? How the hell does that shit even work? Have humans even done anything *remotely* significant or changed since the twenty-first century?

## Supers  
*Main articles: [Supers](world/supers) and [Super Teams](world/superteams)*

Immediately following the birth of **mutants** was the rise of **supers**.

Who — or *what* — are 'supers' and how have they affected the world around them? What is this so-called 'super scene' and the strange power-scaling celebrity sphere hell these individuals have formed? Most importantly: can you trust them?

## The United Republic of Leathucaria
*Main article: [United Republic of Leathucaria](world/url)*

The **United Republic** is a country that is totally, most indubitably, 100% ***NOT*** the **United States** at all whatsoever, thank you very much. They are two entirely separate entities, with the latter **no longer existing**.

Unlike the States in its wretched, writhing *chaos*, the Republic is a proud and collected nation. It's much more **stable** than the hellhole of America could ever be, thanks to the hard work of its diligent people and the astute minds of its impeccable leaders, who are nothing but dedicated to striving toward the future in the name of **starlight and prosperity**!

### Ville-de-Nouvelle-Yorke
*Main article: [Ville-de-Nouvelle-Yorke](/world/vny)*

A city that never sleeps, yet always dreams.  
Like most dreams, everything *happens*, but nothing ever *changes* <small>(for the better, anyway; everything somehow worsens with each passing day)</small>.

**La Pomme Grosse** — like the rest of human society — is ferociously gripped by the intensity of its own **spectacle**. Despite the strange history that haunts both Nouvelle-Yorke and the United Republic, both **everything** and **nothing** feels notably different when comparing 2990s Nouvelle-Yorke to 1990s New York; seems like all of its bumbling inhabitants are stuck in a **temporal limbo** of their own making waiting, waiting, and waiting for something to happen.

Also, Nouvelle-Yorke simultaneously has the highest amount of **supers** in the world, but also has the one of the highest **crime rates**. Does anyone even care anymore?